and then guys do the street oecd just the galley
so in florida here
after many days it will work everything
It's not good to rest in Florida is still
city ​​wire
We go to the beach two days already.
importer dell and went from the wire in
some restaurants that bullet food
The Brazilian movement is very good.
would be the name that we are in the house that
the people we rent here in the form of
very good gated community you are
coming from Florida and want to
here at home cheap very good people
rent these two fall out of a sport
bourgeois ford o fleengo goiás flex house
topic is clear and gives in degree in car
the lavender furniture that the house that is not
The house that is pop is just the freighter
house for rent in rosinha pa
top of the line home that has three bedrooms
which is a room down here or not
go out at home, it's the head that's the bottom
the house foundation found the house that has
deep down, it 's you, stealing there, I'm going
stop and look at the back of the house that
crowd is going there to gtop day would get
is the fish with the crocodiles that flora
in the galley that has no back in contact
with 12 the goal will come out in his mother knew
that the unit if the houses that sit there
galley scale
the top who is who was in Brazil who is
reference if I paid in this house that
I paid for nine days were 1,600
dollars for nine days and has 300
ownership fees to clean but cleaning
is not in the range of $ 2,000 a
Who was in Brazil in 2009?
head
I got home in there and made a
I closed myself
ae
There was amanda topa, he does not know
people of brazil pass if you have
that the 4th two beds each room has
bathroom of your room that I'm calling
Bahia has become something
tally orange on which outside it grabs the
night wind to the little chair here such
my moment
the good side, that's it guys then
back to make more video and
My vacation in the United States that I
I had it once a year.
there every time I have I go to
Some place enjoying my mother's
here too enjoying the mother very much
because it comes here little in it once
per year of 22 years so he was two years old
that mother did not come here she sees now
I'm enjoying the old one and we 're here.
in Florida
and then he's coming to address
immigration issues to work out
also a very important thing
that a lot of people are sending orders
mail to me, it's sending a message
respect the work love as people
no I'm not start labor of
no one even because they work
here is not much so there are these
things have a lot of work
I'm working but it 's not there.
things then a lot of black people or send
letter to me'm coming and understand
But many people are coming.
I 've been desperately desperate to come here.
Come here then come here without knowing
nothing without knowing things
come here're at the airport will not
asking to come in when
shocked pick up somebody's phone
call pro guy come pick me up people
works so understood do not come
comes from the United States of
madness think they will get here some
from us going there going to the airport
because life does not so
understand does not work so many people
I will not get the person I've never seen
in life that does not know the power of his
own house or even I do not do it
if I knew somewhere needing
someone to set up the little room in the honey
I can help even more, I get the person.
You can give my house, I will not do it.
This understood then I'm leaving already
you aware of this and find out in
somewhere to place because I can
helping something helps but I can get
take home may not make
people I do not know do not do this
it's not me
I can help everything so do not come to
here without being sure where they will be
without being sure of a place that you
How much are you going to be paying?
rent when you lift spending
understood come with the things organized
Once you have everything organized
You look how much I already have
Work, I'm going to work for this guy.
Paying for this one on the team is a
Thing is thrown at this is the advice of me.
take a 20 quiet plane
I came here to get here and do not stay at
airport without knowing that it goes with hotel
I'm going to pay the hotel until I paint a job.
I advise you do not understand but it is not anymore
That's what we 're doing to make new
florida videos
Come on, let's go, guys.
It's only here without launching